Fix globals, part 4: `crypto` (#33291)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/subtlecrypto/index.md

{{APIRef("Web Crypto API")}}{{SecureContext_header}}

> The **`SubtleCrypto`** interface of the [Web Crypto API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Crypto_API) provides a number of low-level cryptographic functions. Access to the features of `SubtleCrypto` is obtained through the {{domxref("Crypto.subtle", "subtle")}} property of the {{domxref("Crypto")}} object you get from the {{domxref("Window.crypto")}} property and the {{domxref("WorkerGlobalScope.crypto")}} property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`SubtleCrypto`** interface of the [Web Crypto API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Crypto_API) provides a number of low-level cryptographic functions.

An instance of `SubtleCrypto` is available as the{{domxref("Crypto.subtle", "subtle")}} property of the {{domxref("Crypto")}} interface, which in turn is available in windows through the {{domxref("Window.crypto")}} property and in workers through the {{domxref("WorkerGlobalScope.crypto")}} property.
```
